OKTA-413125 Overall style edit for OIE embedded auth content - part 1 (#2571)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-download-setup-app/main/nodejs/redirecturi.md

> If you're setting up the sample app, use `http://localhost:8080/login/callback`. Otherwise, use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're setting up the sample app, use either `http://localhost:8080/login/callback` or
```

> If you are setting up the sample app, use `http://localhost:8080/login/callback`. Otherwise, use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're setting up the sample app, use `http://localhost:8080/login/callback`. Otherwise, use
```
